----------------
Terms of Service
----------------

Welcome to the Driftwood research project!

We are glad you are interested in participating in our research project. This is a research project led by Dr. David Simkins, Cody Van De Mark, and Ryan Burst of the Rochester Institute of Technology. We are hoping to understand the challenges involved in online play of tabletop role playing games. 

Specifically, in this study, we are interested in the feeling of being present in the virtual world, or presence, both in face to face and online environments. We are also interested in the level of social immersion and interaction a player feels, the ability to effect and be affected by other players and the game world itself, in face to face and online environments. As a result, we are asking you to do several things:

1. Log in to our survey site. Please do not use you name as a login, or any name that would identify you publicly. 

2. On the survey site, take a pre-game survey. This is a demographic survey that provides us some information about you.
Pre-game http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YWVYTHW

3. Schedule two games with a tabletop group you are comfortable playing with between June 28 and July 28, 2013. You can play with your normal tabletop group, if you have one. The group will need to play one game online and one game face to face. Please randomize which you do first. Roll a die or find another truly random method of determining order.

4. One member of your group will need to contact us at least a few days in advance of your online game to make sure the server is online when you need it to be. You may want to give yourself a few minutes to familiarize yourself with the tools provided by Driftwood. As part of Driftwood, you will be able to upload or point to web images to use as tokens, maps, and objects for a map. We will provide login information and this consent information again when you contact us. We do not need to know your real name or any identifying information about you, and we will keep your emails, and all of the data we collect from you confidential (see below).

5. After each game, go back to the survey site and complete a post-game survey using the same, anonymous login.
Face-to-Face Survey http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/2VB9K2Q
Google Hangout http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/2VPQXS6

Participants
We are happy to include any groups that want to be involved, within the currently restrictive limits of our server capacity. We would be happy for any members of your group to also be participants. They merely need to follow the survey steps before their first game and after each game. It is imperative that all participation is voluntary, and players in your group may play without participating in the surveys, if they wish. Also, if you know other groups that would like to participate, please pass this information on to them. If you distribute this, please distribute the entire document, as it includes confidentiality information vital to participation in the project.

----------------
Confidentiality
----------------

Please use pseudonyms as logins whenever logging into a survey or Driftwood site. The pseudonym should not identify you to the public, so it should not be one you routinely use online or in person, likely including your character's name.

All data collected within Driftwood or from surveys will be stored on a researcher's password-protected personal computer  and will be backed up to data storage kept in a locked drawer in an office with restricted access. We will not ask for or seek out personally identifying information, and will not tie your personal email or other confidential information received from you to data collected from the survey or within Driftwood.

We do not forsee any potentially damaging outcomes from participation in this study, other than those which are possible from using online tools or participating in role playing games.

Each survey will contain this document, and participation in the surveys will constitute informed consent to use the data. If you do not feel you are comfortable with our use of the data in this research now, you should feel free to participate in the games without completing the surveys. If at any time you become uncomfortable with the use of your data in this research, please contact us with your login name used on the survey site and we will remove your data from further analysis and delete it from our records.

--------------------
Contact information
--------------------

For any questions, concerns or comments, please contact the primary investigator, Dr. David Simkins, at: dwsigm@rit.edu

Thank you again for your interest!
